In the slump, I will carry it for a woman today
Your man is the lowest prospect
I have a few words with Xu Zhi
Or I
I'll go in first
Then do your job well
Okay, it's all arranged, ma'am
Are you sure you want to do this?
I'm already married.
Mr. Shen, you can't go in
Why is that?
Hey what are you doing
Hey let me go
I want to see the Gu family, Mr. Gu
Mr. Li will meet our chairperson at the banquet
It is impossible for me to be engaged to the eldest lady
I want to see Mr. Gu
Our chairperson said
If you still want to see Miss Gu Jinxi
You have to change clothes and have an engagement party at home
So what happened today?
Mr. Li, you'd better change your clothes quickly
I won't go even if I forget
Change it
Let's go. I'll give you some money.
Mom, what if my uncle finds out if we do this?
Gu Jinxi is now downstairs unknown
Now you are the only brother and sister of the Gu family
Isophysiological composition hand offender
He can't help it if he doesn't agree
As long as you become the head of the Shen family
You are in his hands pragmatically
Then you ignore your home and you are your female secretary